I think I started the whole idea of
writing The Book Thief just from stories
my mom and dad had told me about growing
up in Germany during wartime
by April of 1933 there was massive
burglaries where they would destroy
books making sure what people were
reading and thinking about was German
because of how powerful with were
anything to help free speech abroad and
thought were been were destroyed come
Lisa meet Ian your parents
Lisa comes live with an evil spirit and
it's sort of feeling you seen through
her eyes can't you even read yet go on
read one word ants
realizing she's illiterate but has a
spark and energy to want to learn
encourages her to learn how to read and
write and not such a good reason myself
you know we will have to help each other
out
she is lept into that world of story and
words and she steals a book but still
smoldering from the fire you started
let's make this our secret
Hritik in the basement
on to Arlen there were individuals who
went out of their way to help people in
dire need wizzy papa
his name's max and each of these people
risk their lives and put other people's
lives first station book
listen totally if mine please loan max
have a great kinship because of books
tell me where do you get these words
it's a secret
and who would I tell I bought you
something
you're full of wonders those stories are
really at the heart of The Book Thief
they're showing us the power of words
and what we can be your sealing books
why a knife robs you sometimes have to
roll it back
words are life laser if your eyes could
speak what would they say he has such a
good message in it through all the dark
things there's always good that comes
out of it - love letter ^ story how it
saves lives
humans births can come absolutely
anything you've kept me alive easy don't
ever forget that
goodnight book thief